quitting's this is jazz for jazz reviews
and here we are with a brand new list
the top five worst boss pattern
suggested by normal words
six one nine as the industry enters yet
another generation boss battles are
somewhat diminishing
there are games that take a great deal
of time to reach a final boss only to
find that developers have neglected what
should be an epic showdown and climax to
a videogame here are five boss battles
of mine that really did leave a bad
taste in the mouth or the odds slapping
of is kicking off my list is Rodrigo
Borgia Assassin's Creed 2 but if you
think it's going to save you another
thinker again based on revenge ends with
nothing but misplaced mercy killing you
won't bring my family back of course you
suck it in no way kill the Pope and
expect to maintain historical accuracy
but all the same that's you absolutely
fat as the elderly and gluttonous for
balance end of the 6th through rinse and
repeat attacking counter dodging the
final boss falls just the same as the
hundreds of men butchered before surely
the final boss battle should test all of
your gaming prowess to that point to
show you just how far you've come since
you began the game all in one epic
fashion but what Ubisoft needed here was
cutscenes
I'm done at number four Deus Ex Human
Revolution outsourced to grip Studios
are the four boss battles that were
clearly out of place bullet sponges
that's what they were you've got to feel
sorry for the guys that spent all their
argumentation points and stealth and
hacking Deus Ex as a franchise revolve
their own freedom of choice options but
all fights were mandatory and the bosses
had to die
perhaps the two that enter my mind are
the third and fourth final boss battle
the former could actually be silenced
with just a one punch if the player
timed it right the final boss however
really just became an endless stream of
guards and turrets to contend to whilst
the player just bombed the hell out of a
defenseless woman attached to a computer
not so heroic so in the end Montreal's
producer admitted the game's weakness in
an otherwise excellent target I never
asked for this like it's crazy to think
the licensing Department okayed this DC
Comics have always portrayed Joker as
the impossibly insightful ultimate
criminal mastermind but never the muscle
it was wrong on all levels of his
character to pit bats in an arena style
boss battle demanding nothing but button
mashing what made this encounter even
worse was the fact that it was the final
fight the showdown our ending to Arkham
Asylum the scarecrow sequences or mr.
freeze battle of Arkham City serve as a
much better example of intelligent and
fitting tests in a Batman game
at number two gearbox Studios
responsible for yet another royal fuckup
in releasing one of the most
disappointing titles this year so in
correlation with terribly med games are
poorly developed boss battles yep it's
the Queen alien but that's not to say
the previous power loader fight wasn't
also hugely mismanaged on screen the e3
tech demo and here's the actual product
they were clunky as hell I'm featured
none of the extra gadgets shown but as
the final clash with the aliens the
Queen presented less light than the
human enemies the Merona ki in aliens
ruined the experience but uh with 17
weapons not one shot was required
it was unbelievably simple with nothing
but frantic button-pusher morons
that's great this is fucking right man
now what the fuck are we supposed to do
where's the real priest and finally at
number one fable - Museum Fairfax loose
Ian holes perhaps all of the trimmings
that make a villain a villain his
dedication to evil results in the death
of the hero sister loyal dog the fable
of the entire game is based on vengeance
it's a matter of Honor the majesty of
the spire Lucien does get shot in the
end but not in combat its execution
style in the most underwhelming sense
and here's the thing if the player
actually wanted to listen to Lucien
speech and voice acting whilst savoring
that moment before the final blow the
players companion would intervene and
steal an honor oh I thought it'd never
shut up oh I'm sorry did you want to
kill him it was hugely anti-climatic an
on-rails scripted fight a gigantic slap
in the face
[Music]
this has been jazz with jazz rebels with
a tough worst boss battles in gaming
it's an interesting debate our boss
fights merely a relic of the past now
just plain tradition order boss fights
actually provide for need attention to
be used as tools of narrative there's so
many sides to consider follow me all you
want on Twitter I've just reached a
thousand followers thank you very much
but until next time feel free to browse
my channel and subscribe thanks for
watching and I'll see you in the
comments
[Music]
Oh